.TH locksmith

.SH NAME

locksmith \- a simple password manager with a built\-in command shell.

.SH DESCRIPTION

locksmith (yes, it IS stylized in lowercase) is a (UNIX-like exclusive) simple, secure and blazingly
fast password manager written entirely in \fIC\fR. It comes with a builtin command-shell for
maximum effectivity. The encrypted key and the hashed master password are stored in \fI~/.locksmith\fR,
and all passwords and backups are encrypted and stored in \fI~/.locksmith/passwords\fR and
\fI~/.locksmith/backups\fR respectively.

\fIWARNING:\fR THIS SOFTWARE CAN AND WILL NOT GUARANTEE TOTAL SAFETY OF STORED INFORMATION, AND ITS CREATORS WILL
NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY SECURITY BREACHES CAUSED BY THIS SOFTWARE.

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B locksmith
[\fBoptions\fR]

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help:
Prints the locksmith help message.

.SH SHELL COMMANDS

.TP
.BR help:
Gives you a list of all commands.

.TP
.BR new:
Create/overwrite password.

.TP
.BR get:
Get a password. Uses the same password name as produced by
the \fIlist\fR command.

.TP
.BR recover:
Recover a password which has a \fI.bak\fR file. It can only be used in the same instance as the \fIdel\fR command
for said password has been ran, as locksmith deletes all backup files which do not have a file on startup, for
security reasons. Uses the same password name as produced by the \fIlist\fR command.

.TP
.BR del:
Delete password. Uses the same password name as produced by
the \fIlist\fR command.

.TP
.BR list:
List password names.

.TP
.BR exit:
Exit command shell.
